Enough haha of course
You turn away, you turn back.
Just a joke
If the grass-roots people really encounter this situation
I will give him some silver taels.
As General Wang Zhong said again
Leave a sentence
Gao's broadsword will let him leave without cutting the young and the old
This is what it looks like.
Then the grass people will see where he goes to his relatives and friends
Or picked up by someone
Destiny them again
Of course he could have escaped
But suddenly appeared in front of me
That's not true.
Learn from the grass-roots people
Most likely a deception
Under the bed of the house
Wardrobe Takeoka
Are there any younger siblings hidden?
If there is a disease, get rid of it
You need to pay attention when you start
The heart of a normal person is on the left
There are also very few people who grow on the right
To be on the safe side
One on each side
His Majesty's noble son cannot do what he says
If his father knew how to eradicate weeds and roots
There will be no exquisite disaster of extinction
The end will be on standby
Your Majesty, this son is so cruel
Is it the scourge of big money?
Killing weeds and uprooting spring waves
If the child's father
Eradicate the roots
Is there any calamity today?
This question I
Very satisfied
As expected of me, Kojiro's good eldest son
Married 10 times with your father
This first question is just my little test
But you want to be my rich official
plead for the people
It's not that simple
Please ask Your Majesty to ask the question
The grass people are willing to be filial piety to His Majesty Ma Zhe
This question is not just about the son of Kogo's waiter
All the love ministers can speak freely
Satisfied with the answer
I will definitely reward
You are a tea merchant
A barren mountain in the backcountry of Jiangnan
Want to grow tea
You have to open up the wasteland first
But most of the local residents are lazy
Even if a few residents are recruited to go up the mountain to clear the wasteland
Mostly lazy
But the time to plant tea is coming.
What do you do?
Your Majesty, it's very simple
Since there was no one before a generation of workers
Then double and triple?
That's it.
Liang Xin has no people to open the emperor to you
General Wang's remarks differ
Even broken bones
Then the pleasure of tripling gravity is certainly enjoyed by someone
But it increases the cost significantly.
Furthermore, I just said
Even if you go up the mountain to open up the wasteland
Local residents are mostly lazy
Tea merchants have no local roots
Unchecked
What should you do?
Your Majesty, what does it mean to be inconsiderate?
But Your Majesty, this question is too difficult when you are in the backwoods
People are lazy by nature
No salary increase
There is no common people effect
And laziness is human nature
Since the mountains are secluded
People are more passive and lazy
Filial piety to Taigong is difficult to restrain
Siping
Mowgli?